[MC-792] Rapid7_insightappsec. Update title for action Submit scan. (#1184)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/rapid7_insightappsec/help.md

* Requires an API Key from Insight platform

# Supported Product Versions

* Rapid7 InsightAppSec

> 

Reviewer: Add release date of tested version:
https://docs.rapid7.com/release-notes/insightappsec/20220228/

Author: @mgrandys-r7  The changes were cosmetic. Plugin was not tested. I don't think I can write that.

Reviewer 2: If there is no timestamp to report testing the plugin, please simply leave the `supported_versions` field empty and regenerate the plugin. Thank you.

# Version History

> * 2.0.0 - Update plugin spec with changing title for action Submit scan | Update keywords

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 1.0.4 - Fix typo in title for Submit scan action | Update keywords
```
